src/examples/options.stories.mdx, before:

import { DocsContainer, DocsPage, Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks'

<Meta
    title="Options"
    parameters={{
        docs: {
            container: DocsContainer,
            page: DocsPage,
        },
    }}
/>

# Options

By utilizing options when setting up the Headless decorator, its possible to establish a base config that will keep individual story parameters simple. Global setup pieces like authentication headers should be done here too.

## Restful

A partial [Axios config](https://github.com/axios/axios#request-config) can be passed in as a base config. The most common use case would be to establish a `baseURL` so that all stories can have a simpler relative query.

## GraphQL

A partial [Apollo Boost config](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/get-started/#configuration-options) can be passed in as a base config. The most common use case would be to establish a `uri` so that all stories can simply define a query without the need for an additional config.

## Theming

If you're customizing the theme of your Storybook to match your company's branding, you may wish to switch up the JSON editor theme as well. The `jsonDark` and `jsonLight` options allow you to [pick a theme](https://github.com/mac-s-g/react-json-view#customizing-style) of your choosing. All other component styles should inherit theme from Storybook.

Commit message:

docs: ✏️ document new multiple configs feature

src/examples/options.stories.mdx, after:

import { DocsContainer, DocsPage, Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks'

<Meta
    title="Options"
    parameters={{
        docs: {
            container: DocsContainer,
            page: DocsPage,
        },
    }}
/>

# Options

By utilizing options when setting up the Headless decorator, its possible to establish a base config that will keep individual story parameters simple. Global setup pieces like authentication headers should be done here too.

## Restful

A partial [Axios config](https://github.com/axios/axios#request-config) can be passed in as a base config. The most common use case would be to establish a `baseURL` so that all stories can have a simpler relative query.

Or an array of partial Axios configs with ids. Each config's id should be unique and is used to look up the base config referenced by the `base` property in the story parameters.

## GraphQL

A partial [Apollo Boost config](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/get-started/#configuration-options) can be passed in as a base config. The most common use case would be to establish a `uri` so that all stories can simply define a query without the need for an additional config.

Or an array of partial Apollo Boost configs with ids. Each config's id should be unique and is used to look up the base config referenced by the `base` property in the story parameters.

## Theming

If you're customizing the theme of your Storybook to match your company's branding, you may wish to switch up the JSON editor theme as well. The `jsonDark` and `jsonLight` options allow you to [pick a theme](https://github.com/mac-s-g/react-json-view#customizing-style) of your choosing. All other component styles should inherit theme from Storybook.
