src/examples/parameters.stories.mdx, before:

import { DocsContainer, DocsPage, Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks'

<Meta
    title="Parameters"
    parameters={{
        docs: {
            container: DocsContainer,
            page: DocsPage,
        },
    }}
/>

# Parameters

For each endpoint you need to establish add an entry to the parameters object. It's possible to do a mix of Restful and GraphQL queries as well as simple and advanced configs.

Example:

```js
import { gql } from 'apollo-boost'
import { pack } from 'storybook-addon-headless'

{
    Foos: '/foos' // Simple Restful
    Foo: { // Advanced Restful
        query: '/foos/{id}',
        // Variables, etc
    },
    Bars: pack(gql``), // Simple GraphQL
    Bar: { // Advanced GraphQL
        query: pack(gql``),
        // Variables, etc
    }
}
```

## Query

For Restful requests the query should be a string. Depending on the options passed, this might be an absolute or relative path.

For GraphQL requests the query must be a `pack`ed GraphQL Tag DocumentNode.

Example:

```js
import { gql } from 'apollo-boost'
import { pack } from 'storybook-addon-headless'

pack(gql`
    {
        entities {
            id
        }
    }
`)
```

## Variable Types

If your query requires variables/parameters, pass an object of variable schemas where the key is the variable name and the value is the schema. In order to define a variable type, a matching [Ajv](https://ajv.js.org/#validation-keywords) schema.

Example:

```js
{
    variables: {
        foo: {
            type: 'integer',
            multipleOf: 3,
        },
    },
}
```

### Boolean

```js
{
    type: 'boolean'
}
```

This schema will render a checkbox input.

### Date

```js
{
    type: 'string',
    format: 'date',
    // Optional additional rules
}
```

This schema will render a date input. There are optional [keywords](https://ajv.js.org/keywords.html#formatmaximum--formatminimum-and-formatexclusivemaximum--formatexclusiveminimum-proposed) for additional validation.

### DateTime

```js
{
    type: 'string',
    format: 'date-time',
    // Optional additional rules
}
```

This schema will render a date time input. Time entered by the user is in local timezone, but the value is converted to UTC. There are optional [keywords](https://ajv.js.org/keywords.html#formatmaximum--formatminimum-and-formatexclusivemaximum--formatexclusiveminimum-proposed) for additional validation.

### Time

```js
{
    type: 'string',
    format: 'time',
    // Optional additional rules
}
```

This schema will render a time input. Time entered by the user is in local timezone, but the value is converted to UTC. There are optional [keywords](https://ajv.js.org/keywords.html#formatmaximum--formatminimum-and-formatexclusivemaximum--formatexclusiveminimum-proposed) for additional validation.

### Number

```js
{
    type: 'number' | 'integer',
    // Optional additional rules
}
```

This schema will render a number input. There are optional [keywords](https://ajv.js.org/keywords.html#keywords-for-numbers) for additional validation.

### Select

```js
{
    type: any, // Type should match the type of the values in enum
    enum: any[],
}
```

This schema will render a select dropdown. If values are not basic types or if you want to differentiate the label from the value, you can use an object with `label` and `value` keys.

Example:

```js
{
    type: ['integer', 'null'],
    enum: [
        42,
        { label: 'Seven', value: 7 },
        { label: 'None of the above', value: null },
    ]
}
```

### String

```js
{
    type: 'string',
    // Optional additional rules
}
```

This schema will render a text input. There are optional [keywords](https://ajv.js.org/keywords.html#keywords-for-strings) for additional validation.

## Default Values

To provide default values for any/all of your variables, pass an object of values where the key is the variable name and the value is the default.

Example:

```js
{
    defaults: {
        foo: 3
    }
}
```

## Transforms

To transform values before the query is sent, pass an object of values where the key is the variable name and the value is a function that accepts and returns a value. The output value will not be validated against the schema and can therefore be any value, it's up to you to pass something valid to the query.

Example:

```js
{
    transforms: {
        foo: (value) => value * 10000
    }
}
```

## Other Features

### autoFetchOnInit

If you would like data to be fetched on story load, pass `autoFetchOnInit: true`. This also requires that the query variables (if present) have default values that are valid.

### convertToFormData

For Restful queries, if you're setting up a POST request, it might be necessary to pass data through as Multipart Form-data. In that case, pass `convertToFormData: true`.

Commit message:

docs: ✏️ document options and configs

src/examples/parameters.stories.mdx, after:

import { DocsContainer, DocsPage, Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks'

<Meta
    title="Parameters"
    parameters={{
        docs: {
            container: DocsContainer,
            page: DocsPage,
        },
    }}
/>

# Parameters

For each endpoint you need to establish add an entry to the parameters object. It's possible to do a mix of Restful and GraphQL queries as well as simple and advanced configs.

Example:

```js
import { gql } from 'apollo-boost'
import { pack } from 'storybook-addon-headless'

{
    Foos: '/foos' // Simple Restful
    Foo: { // Advanced Restful
        query: '/foos/{id}',
        // Variables, etc
    },
    Bars: pack(gql``), // Simple GraphQL
    Bar: { // Advanced GraphQL
        query: pack(gql``),
        // Variables, etc
    }
}
```

## Config

If a specific query needs to augment the base config, you can optionally pass a partial config to be merged with the config that may have been supplied in the options. See options about what configs are accepted.

## Query [required]

For Restful requests the query should be a string. Depending on the options passed, this might be an absolute or relative path.

For GraphQL requests the query must be a `pack`ed GraphQL Tag DocumentNode.

Example:

```js
import { gql } from 'apollo-boost'
import { pack } from 'storybook-addon-headless'

pack(gql`
    {
        entities {
            id
        }
    }
`)
```

## Variable Types

If your query requires variables/parameters, pass an object of variable schemas where the key is the variable name and the value is the schema. In order to define a variable type, a matching [Ajv](https://ajv.js.org/#validation-keywords) schema.

Example:

```js
{
    variables: {
        foo: {
            type: 'integer',
            multipleOf: 3,
        },
    },
}
```

### Boolean

```js
{
    type: 'boolean'
}
```

This schema will render a checkbox input.

### Date

```js
{
    type: 'string',
    format: 'date',
    // Optional additional rules
}
```

This schema will render a date input. There are optional [keywords](https://ajv.js.org/keywords.html#formatmaximum--formatminimum-and-formatexclusivemaximum--formatexclusiveminimum-proposed) for additional validation.

### DateTime

```js
{
    type: 'string',
    format: 'date-time',
    // Optional additional rules
}
```

This schema will render a date time input. Time entered by the user is in local timezone, but the value is converted to UTC. There are optional [keywords](https://ajv.js.org/keywords.html#formatmaximum--formatminimum-and-formatexclusivemaximum--formatexclusiveminimum-proposed) for additional validation.

### Time

```js
{
    type: 'string',
    format: 'time',
    // Optional additional rules
}
```

This schema will render a time input. Time entered by the user is in local timezone, but the value is converted to UTC. There are optional [keywords](https://ajv.js.org/keywords.html#formatmaximum--formatminimum-and-formatexclusivemaximum--formatexclusiveminimum-proposed) for additional validation.

### Number

```js
{
    type: 'number' | 'integer',
    // Optional additional rules
}
```

This schema will render a number input. There are optional [keywords](https://ajv.js.org/keywords.html#keywords-for-numbers) for additional validation.

### Select

```js
{
    type: any, // Type should match the type of the values in enum
    enum: any[],
}
```

This schema will render a select dropdown. If values are not basic types or if you want to differentiate the label from the value, you can use an object with `label` and `value` keys.

Example:

```js
{
    type: ['integer', 'null'],
    enum: [
        42,
        { label: 'Seven', value: 7 },
        { label: 'None of the above', value: null },
    ]
}
```

### String

```js
{
    type: 'string',
    // Optional additional rules
}
```

This schema will render a text input. There are optional [keywords](https://ajv.js.org/keywords.html#keywords-for-strings) for additional validation.

## Default Values

To provide default values for any/all of your variables, pass an object of values where the key is the variable name and the value is the default.

Example:

```js
{
    defaults: {
        foo: 3
    }
}
```

## Transforms

To transform values before the query is sent, pass an object of values where the key is the variable name and the value is a function that accepts and returns a value. The output value will not be validated against the schema and can therefore be any value, it's up to you to pass something valid to the query.

Example:

```js
{
    transforms: {
        foo: (value) => value * 10000
    }
}
```

## Other Features

### autoFetchOnInit

If you would like data to be fetched on story load, pass `autoFetchOnInit: true`. This also requires that the query variables (if present) have default values that are valid.

### convertToFormData

For Restful queries, if you're setting up a POST request, it might be necessary to pass data through as Multipart Form-data. In that case, pass `convertToFormData: true`.
